OSDOCS-18782 adding ESO docs to 4.19 for GA (#109778)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-enable-operand-log-level.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-log-levels.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="external-secrets-enable-operand-log-level_{context}"]
= Setting a log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand

[role="_abstract"]
Set the log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand to control the verbosity of log messages. By doing this task, you can adjust the amount of detail recorded for troubleshooting or monitoring purposes.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You have created the `ExternalSecretsConfig` custom resource.

.Procedure

. Edit the `ExternalSecretsConfig` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit externalsecretsconfigs.operator.openshift.io cluster
----

. Set the log level value by editing the `spec.appConfig.logLevel` section:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: ExternalSecretsConfig
...
spec:
  appConfig:
    logLevel: <log_level> <1>
----
+

> <1> Supports the value range of 1-5. The log level gets mapped to the following operand support levels:

Author: Done

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-log-levels.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="external-secrets-enable-operand-log-level_{context}"]

> = Setting a log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Setting a log level for the {external-secrets-operator} Operand
```
etc i'm going to stop commenting on these, you get the picture

Author: Done. I will fix in rest of document

[role="_abstract"]

> Set the log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand to control the verbosity of log messages. By doing this task, you can adjust the amount of detail recorded for troubleshooting or monitoring purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust the amount of detail recorded for troubleshooting or monitoring purposes by configuring log levels and verbosity for the {external-secrets-operator} Operand.
```
the job to be done is figuring out what info you want, the how of the the job is done it to conf the logs and how much they report on/ user-focused, not task-focused

Author: Done

.Prerequisites

> * You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to the cluster with the `cluster-admin` role.
```
etc, again, not going to keep picking on these....

Author: Done

> * You have created the `ExternalSecretsConfig` custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You created the `ExternalSecretsConfig` custom resource (CR).
```
etc

Author: Done

.Procedure

. Edit the `ExternalSecretsConfig` CR by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit externalsecretsconfigs.operator.openshift.io cluster
----

. Set the log level value by editing the `spec.appConfig.logLevel` section:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: ExternalSecretsConfig
...
spec:
  appConfig:

>     logLevel: <log_level> <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    logLevel: <log_level> 
```

Author: Done
